howleen wolf 13 wishes how my favorite
this is yeah I mean I'm liking me um
don't want the Kasbah dolls are really
cool-looking but Gracie has a soft spot
for Halloween in general so here we go I
love that dress and you know what's
really cool is she's got her pretty hair
she's got her pink hair but she's also
got cushioning we also have to paint
fair now so that's pretty cool
she's got it's like 13 wishes is just a
whole new basic situation coming out pet
Diary doll stand look at her art why
what just has a bio cos it's her first
it's your first dominance so this is
really cool so you get a nice picture of
Claridge you get a nice picture of the
girls we did not find Gigi I do have
Gigi on pre-order with Toys R Us so
maybe she'll come this week howleen is
the one who causes all the mischief in
this in this movie torment Oh Sadie it
robs a bank in that kills everyone I'm
pretty sure that's not what happened
fairly certain but that is not what
happened as Gracie Lou but she does uh
just cause some problems clearly Lagoona
as we know ends up with a whole fresh
water situation going on so if you I had
there were a bubble otherwise he dies oh
my god she'd have to be like your bubble
I don't know alright so I can't wait to
open her her outfit looks incredible she
looks adorable
she's got glitter she's got shine she's
got sweat it's open helmet she's out of
the box and she's beautiful oh my gosh
she's so huge presents presents were
wrapping presents you know cuz mommy's
like you know wait to the last second
take her purse off yeah so she comes
with her little porcupine buddy hedgehog
in the
Chinese pink her hair is like really
it's it's a mess this would look really
cute if we ever do get the hang of oil
perming hair for styling the doll's hair
to make this like maybe just have like a
little bit of like a way that a spiral
like us but like a little bit of a
spiral - it's just not like a super girl
but look at her hat she's got this
adorable knit hat you love in the hat
Gracie I love in the Hat it's like so
soft in her little ears are sticking out
you know flipped over ear try love about
her leather jacket totally wicked cool
leather jacket collar turned up look at
that Gracie when you get old I can
totally see where I miss Johnny okay
yeah and it's a cropped jacket and it's
got the little silver detail they're
very cool and it's not I mean it's like
got stitched panels and I mean it's a
very it's not just a you know whipped
together sort of Pisa like there's
actually some design to his jacket under
the jacket she's got and they don't want
to take her arms off right now so let me
take off her jacket it's a tank dress
but this isn't just any tank dress this
is so cute you love it I love it look at
the paw prints I love the colors I love
the studded Belen look looks like she
got right over with a car a little bit
well she is part dog he's fine weird but
I mean it is so so cute I love the
colors this is like so Halloween I think
this was it a great execution of a
Halloween doll more so to me than Dan
says remember I was sort of like I don't
know the colors are kind of a little
sedate for Halloween this is Halloween
this is it's showing a great pale on the
camera this is neon hell yeah
these colors are awesome neon okay this
is neon green and it's really showing a
very mint colored on here but that's
neon total total neon green and she's
got some neon pink tight here's these
awesome awesome combat
boots lace-up combat boots gold studs oh
my god they did really good details on
the shoes for this release very cool
oh my god love love love love love
and then her makeup she's got a tiny bit
just the tiniest bit and this is a
really cool look let me see if I can
there we go
do you see that glitter under her
eyebrow on her brow bone that is such a
nice effect so Gracie what's your
favorite thing about this he'll mean
everything everything is this your boots
boots this is your favorite Helene yes
yeah this and Frankie have been my most
the 13 wishes dolls that I've been most
excited about it clear look at her I
love her little nose that's crazy rad
whoops my porcupines got moves man moves
do you hear me got the moves like Jagger
you didn't show them my first ones you
know I know I can't do I have to say the
one thing does this purse look like she
stole it from Cleo it kind of looks like
she's still it from plugging Claudia or
Cleo
one of the two that's what it looks like
to me mm-hmm me too my own yeah I know
it looks cool I like it I'm diggin you
girlfriend you are so cute all right
very cool we'll be reviewing the rest of
the 13 wishes dolls probably tomorrow
after school until then there we are
until then we are going to say - season
named by two buses